amsterdam --    ankara --    acapulco
berlin --       beijing --   brussels
copenhagen --   caracas --   calcutta
dublin --       delhi --     dhaka
edinburgh --    essen --     erbil
freetown --     fortaleza -- frankfurt
guangzhou --    geneva --    giza
helsinki --     hongkong --  hangzhou
istanbul --     incheon --   iztapalapa
johannesburg -- jakarta --   jinan
kiracha --      kinshasa -   kunming
lima --         london --    lisbon
madrid --       moscow --    melbourne
nanjing --      nairobi --   novosibirsk
oslo --         osaka --     omsk
paris --        prague --    pyongyang
quebec --       quito --     qingdao
rome --         riga --      recife
stockholm --    shanghai --  singapore
tokyo --        tallinn --   taipei
utrecht --      uppsala --   ulm
vienna -        valencia --  vancouver
washington --   warsaw --    wellington
xanadu --       xeldem --    xalapa
yokohama --     yakutsk --   ytterby
zagreb --       zurich --    zanzibar


